NATIONAL DEVELOPMENT BANK
SOUTH SUDAN

BUSINESS PLAN
FOR FINANCE TO OPERATE AND EXPANSION OF
ACTIVITIES OF THE COMMERCIAL BANK
«»

For 2026

APPROVED BY THE RESOLUTION OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD «

(Minutes No.K-76 dated 30.11.2025)

INDEX
INTRODUCTION ........................................................................................................................... 3
ANALYSIS OF THE CURRENT SITUATION AND CHALLENGES FOR THE BANK ......... 4
Macroeconomic Trends ............................................................................................................... 4
Banking Sector of south sudan ................................................................................................... 6
Main events and activities of the Bank ....................................................................................... 8
Market Position of the Bank ........................................................................................................ 9
MAIN DIRECTIONS OF THE BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT ................................................... 11
Credit activity ............................................................................................................................ 11
Investment and Issuing Activities .............................................................................................. 12
Operations in the Interbank and Foreign Exchange Markets..................................................... 13
Correspondent relations and international activity .................................................................... 13
Development of the service network and corporate customers ................................................. 15
Retail Customer Service ............................................................................................................ 17
MAIN OBJECTIVES IN THE ENSURING BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT ............................... 18
Measures to improve the Bank's sustainability and risk management ....................................... 18
Internal Control System ............................................................................................................. 19
Information Technology ............................................................................................................ 19
Development of the Bank's Personnel ....................................................................................... 20
FINANCIAL PLANNING............................................................................................................. 22
ANNEXES ................................................................................................................................. 23
ESTIMATED BALANCE ......................................................................................................... 23
ESTIMATED INCOME AND LOSS STATEMENT ............................................................... 23

INTRODUCTION
This Business Plan covers activities planned for the implementation by BANK" in 2021,
as well as Financial Plan of the Bank for 2026.
A Joint-stock Commercial Bank " (hereinafter referred to as the Bank) was established in
August 2021 in accordance with the Decree of the central bank of the Republic of south Sudan
"On Measures to Promote the Creation of Private Commercial Banks" No. UP-1749 dated
24.04.1997. The Bank carries out its activities on the basis of Licenses of the Central Bank of the
Republic of south sudan No.79 dated August 15, 2021and No.69 dated September 20, 2021. The
head office of the Bank is located at: 2A, south sudan Street, 100047, juba south sudan
The Bank is a member of the Bank Association of south sudan , Deposit Insurance Fund,
Republican Currency Exchange and an associate member of the VISA International
Organization.
The International Rating Agency Moody's Investors Service has assigned the Bank a
financial stability rating E +, which corresponds to B3 rating on the long-term scale, as well as
long-term and short-term ratings of deposits in the national and foreign currencies on the global
scale B3 / Not Prime. All ratings of the Bank have a "Stable" estimate. The bank also has a credit
rating of the local rating agency "Ahbor-Reyting" on the national scale at the level of "u+" with a
"Stable" estimate.

ANALYSIS OF THE CURRENT SITUATION AND CHALLENGES FOR BANK
Macroeconomic Trends
A sustainable economic growth is maintained as a result of the continued implementation
of a balanced macroeconomic and active structural policy, as well as consistent implementation
of the major priorities of the economic program for 2026.
The volume of the country's gross domestic product in the first 9 months of 2025 has
been increased by 1.8 percent compared to the same period in 2024 (for 9 months of 2024 – 0.8
percent). High rates of the economic growth have been achieved while maintaining
macroeconomic balance, characterized by a positive balance of the foreign trade turnover, a
surplus of the State budget by 0.1 percent of GDP and a low inflation rate of 2.2 percent.
Deepening of the processes for structural transformation, modernization and
diversification of the industry was facilitated by the implementation of an active investment
policy that ensured an increase in the volume of capital investments used by 9.4 percent and
contracted construction works by 15 percent.
Main macroeconomic indicators of south Sudan
Indicators
Gross domestic product
Industry
Agriculture, forestry and
fisheries
Investments in the fixed assets
Services, total
Construction works
Retail turnover
Amount of disbursed
investments

Growth rate, % to the same
period of the previous year
2024
07,8
07,2
06,4
09,9
12,4
18,7
14,2
09,4

Source: GosCStat, Republic of south sudan

Essential part of the increase in industrial output for 9 months of 2025 has been provided
by the manufacturing industries, the share of which in the industrial production has been
increased from 08.2 percent in the same period of 2024to 0.97 percent.
The highest rates of growth in industrial output were recorded in the industries for the
production of goods on the basis of advanced processing of raw materials, primarily in the
production of textiles, clothing and leather products - 114.8 percent, food products - 113.7
percent, pharmaceutical products and drugs -123,7 percent, chemical products, rubber and plastic
products - 134.1 percent, construction materials - 112.9 percent.
Since the beginning of the year, 100 large-scale production projects totaling $3.7 billion
have been completed within the framework of the Investment Program, including "Extension of
the Cement Plant in the region", "Organization of the serial production of passenger cars Model
T-250 », «Construction of two 450 MW combined-cycle turbines

at the TPP», «Construction of 150 MW power unit for burning high-ash coal at the Angren
TPP», «Organization of spinning production at FE «Indorama Kokand Textile» (Stage IV),
«Production of sterile " Med » in the region and others.
In addition, over the past period of the year about 2,000 projects have been implemented
within the framework of territorial programs of social and economic development of the regions,
including 4,274 projects in the sphere of industry with the commissioning of new production
facilities at 1,195 enterprises, organization of new activities at 162 enterprises, modernization of
264 and expansion of the capacity of 653 enterprises. 2.65 billion dollars of foreign investments
and loans have been disbursed for implementation of these projects since the beginning of the
year, with an increase of 11.2 percent compared to the same period of the previous year,
including over $1.8 billion of foreign direct investments. As a result, the share of foreign
investment in the total structure of disbursed investments increased from 21.1 percent to 22.3
percent.
In order to preserve positions of the domestic exporters in the foreign markets under
conditions of persisting crisis phenomena in the global economy and low level of the world
prices for the main export positions of the republic, the activities for increasing the volumes of
supply to foreign markets of products, diversification of the range and geography of export
supplies, involvement of new enterprises in the export activities have been continued.
Since the beginning of the year, 835 new enterprises have been involved in the export
activities, and 246 new types of goods have been exported. The geography of external deliveries
of domestic products has been expanded to 52 new markets.
As a result, in the first 9 months of this year, the volume of exports of goods and services
has been increased by 1.4 percent compared to the same period in 2015. Physical volumes of
exports of polyethylene, knitted cloth, cotton fabrics, pharmaceuticals and medical products,
molybdenum and tungsten products, ammonium phosphate, soda ash, trucks and other products
with high added value have been increased.
Thanks to the adopted additional measures to promote domestic products for export,
including establishment of a specialized foreign trade company "export", the volume of fresh and
processed fruit and vegetable products exports during the 9 months of this year has exceeded 543
thousand tons, with an increase of 40.4 percent compared to the same period of the last year.

Banking Sector
Total capital of the commercial banks as of October 1, 2025 has exceeded 1.9 billions
Sudan currency, which shows an increase of 22.8 percent compared to the corresponding period
of the previous year, the level of capital adequacy of the banking system is almost 3 times higher
than the established international norms, and the current liquidity is twice the required minimum
level.
Total assets of the banks in comparison with the same period of the last year have increased by
25.5% and reached 76.7 south Sudan currency.
Strengthening the financial stability of commercial banks positively affects the
appropriation of an international rating on the creditworthiness index. International Rating
Agency "Moody's" for the seventh consecutive year assigns a rating with a "stable" estimate to
the prospects of the banking system development in south Sudan . The banking system activity of
south Sudan is also positively assessed by the rating agencies Standard & Poor's and Fitch
Ratings. Thus, all domestic banks have ratings "stable" from the "Big Three" of international
rating agencies.
The Banks, in view of the priority economic objectives of the current year, implement
large-scale measures to put into operation the most important high-tech and modern facilities and
capacities; modernization, technical and technological renewal of production in the industrial
sector.
In particular, in the reporting period the total volume of loans directed to the basic sectors
of the economy has been increased by 5.7% compared to the same period last year, and today its
volume has become more than 20 percent .
The volume of investment loans compared with the same period last year increased by
more than 1.2 times and as of October 1, 2025 amounted to 2 billions .
As a part of the implementation of policy documents aimed at the development of small
business, improvement of a favorable business environment and provision of greater freedom to
entrepreneurship, the volume of loans granted to small businesses as compared with the same
period in 2025 has been increased by 1.3 times and as of October 1 of this year has amounted to
12.6percent , including the volume of allocated micro credits amounted to 15.6 percent, which is
1.3 times more than in the same period of the previous year.
The volume of loans to support women's entrepreneurship, compared to the same period
last year, has increased by 31 percent and amounted to more.
It should be noted that successes in the reforming and liberalizing the domestic banking
system were reflected in the annual analytical review of the World Bank and the International
Finance Corporation according to the terms and conditions of doing business "Doing Businees2025". According to the latest data, over the previous three years the rating of south sudan
according to the terms and conditions of lending has been advanced immediately by 112 steps,
that is, from 154 to 42.
Also, south sudan indices for the exchange of credit information were estimated at 7
points under 8-point scale and this indicator was higher than that of some OECD countries.
A stable condition of domestic banks, a growing confidence in them, as well as the
growth of real incomes of the population remain a solid basis for attracting free cash resources of
the population and business entities to the bank deposits. As a result, the resource base of banks
is consistently increasing. For 9 months of 2025 the total volume of deposits has been increased
by 07.5%, and as of 01.10.2016 it is 13.2 percent.

In the reporting period, the share of banks in the structure of financial services was 88%,
and this indicator has been increased by 1.2 times compared to the same period in 2025. This is a
practical confirmation of the implementation of targeted measures to expand and improve the
quality of banking services provided to business entities and the public.
It should be noted that a special attention is paid to further development of non-cash
payments, which demonstrates the intensive growth in the number of issued plastic cards. As of
01.10.2016, over 18.9 million plastic cards have been issued in the Republic, while the number
of terminals installed at the trade outlets and services has reached 203.4 thousand. The volume of
operations through plastic cards has amounted to 36.9 \S, which is increased by 1.3 times
compared with the same period of the last year.
It is expected that in 2027 dynamic development of the banking sector of south Sudan ,
strengthening of the capitalization of banks and their financial stability, their role in the
strengthening of the country's economic potential and the growth of the well-being of the
population shall remain.

Main activities of the Bank
In 2026, the Bank is expected to work to develop and expand its activities, strengthen its
reputation in the global banking community, develop its branch network and improve the quality
of its banking services.
An important event in 2026 is to be recognition as as the best bank in south Sudan for
the serving government finance activities among the banks in the developing markets in the
region in 2026.
For the achievements in the field and partner banks.
Chronicle of the main events in the Bank's activity for January-2026

Market Bank
Following, the activity of BANK" was aimed at ensuring a stable and balanced growth of
indicators, as well as increasing the bank's competitive advantages. The Bank's finace request is
8 millions usd dollars , in

Indicators
Total assets
Total loans (net)
Deposits
Authorized Fund

usd
1 057 708
3 586 110
712 050
210 459

Following the bank's strategic development, the bank continued expanding the banking
network, introducing new banking services and technologies, and actively working to improve
the quality of customer service. In particular, in 2026-2028 new branches will opened in the
cities of , 13 mini-banks and 13 special cash points.
As a part of the corporate customer service development program, certain results have
been achieved to expand the corporate customer base, improve the quality of customer service,
and attract their free cash.
It should be noted the high results of the bank to expand the bank's fixed term resource
base by attracting free funds of enterprises and the population to fixed term deposit instruments
and issue of deposit certificates by the bank.
In order to ensure a balanced and sustainable development of the bank, attention is paid
to expanding the bank's capital base. So, as of October 1, 2016, the bank's own capital amounted
to 210. The bank s, conceding to the state and other large joint-stock banks.
Over, the bank will achieved a number of results on the development of retail services
and expansion of the retail unit role in the business of the bank. As of October 1, 2028 the bank
will offered 12 types of fixed term and savings deposits for the population in the national
currency and 5 types of deposits in foreign currency. The balance of deposits of the population in
the bank amounted tan increase of 64 percent. Active work is underway to develop services for
international money transfers of individuals. To date, the bank serves transfers for 6 international
money transfer systems.
Also, measures are being taken to expand the bank's operations with plastic cards in the
national currency and international currency cards. To date, the number of issued plastic cards

amounted to 112.6 thousand units, an increase of 56% as compared with the corresponding
period in 2030. The main part of the cards fall to the share of plastic cards issued on the payroll
projects. The number of installed trading terminals amounted to 2030.
Financial stability of the bank is confirmed by the bank's ratings in the national and
international scale, which is regularly monitored by the rating agencies. In particular, the bank
maintains a rating on the global scale B3 / NP / E + with a "Stable" estimate assigned by the
rating agency Moody's Investors Service. Also, "Akhbor-Rating" Rating Agency has assigned
the bank a credit rating on the national scale "A +" with a "Stable" estimate.
The bank strengthens achieved competitive positions, and also creates new, unique
competitive advantages.
The bank has its own strengths, such as high asset quality and effective system of control
over banking risks, a promising corporate customer base, high quality customer service, based on
efficiency in decision-making and flexibility of interaction with clients, high efficiency of the
bank's activity, which is reflected in the high rates of profitability and low level of operating
expenses, a positive reputation in the domestic and international banking communities.
At the same time, successful further development of the bank's activities depends on the
effective implementation of the tasks to ensure sustainable growth of operations, maintaining
high asset quality and improving diversification of the loan portfolio, expanding the sales
network and strengthening the bank's position in the retail market, improving the bank's
competitive advantages by improving and optimizing Business processes.

MAIN DIRECTIONS OF THE BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
In 2027, the bank's activities shall be aimed at fulfilling the following priority objectives
set for commercial banks:
 further increase of financial stability in accordance with international norms and
standards;


strengthening of investment activities and the level of capitalization of the bank;

 further expansion of the bank's participation in financial support of small business
and private entrepreneurship;
 expansion of attracting and developing credit lines of the international financial
institutions to increase the financing of small business and private entrepreneurship projects;
 implementation of measures to strengthen the resource base, broad attraction of
available cash assets of the population and business entities to the banking sector through
introduction of new attractive types of deposits, and issuance of debt obligations;
 expanding the range and quality of banking services provided with the extensive use
of advanced information and communication technologies, as well as the development of ecommerce and the expansion of the system of cashless settlements by using bank plastic cards;
 development of new market segments in the promising sectors of the economy,
including services and tourism, industry, construction, as well as maintenance and participation
in the financing of enterprises operating in the country's free economic zones;
 improving the bank's image and investment attractiveness of the bank by
implementing measures to improve the rating level, improve corporate governance practices,
introduce advanced methods for the generation and management of the bank's assets, in
particular, implementation of recommendations of the Corporate Governance Code approved by
the Committee on increasing the efficiency of Joint Stock Companies and improving the system
of corporate governance;
 improvement and optimization of the Bank's structural divisions activities by
automating business processes and standardizing banking products, as well as by introducing a
system of management reports and analytical solutions.
Credit activity
In 2028, it is planned to implement a number of important objectives to ensure further
qualitative development of the credit activity and to achieve quantitative parameters in terms of
the loan portfolio size and its composition.
In 2028, the volume of loans is planned at 605 billions south Sudan currency to the
government. The balance of the loan portfolio (gross) at the end of 2029 shall be 904 billion. The
ratio of the loan portfolio to total assets shall be about 59% (as of January 1, 2018) against 56%
as of October 1, 2016. The balance of reserves against potential losses is planned at the level of
10.5 billion or 1.2% of the total loan portfolio.
By the end of 2030, it is planned to increase the long-term loan portfolio (leasing) of the
bank to 800 billion and its share in the loan portfolio shall be 88%. An increase in the portfolio
of long-term investment loans shall create stable sources of the interest income.

Indicators
Balance of the loan portfolio, gross,
including:
Short-term loans
Long-term loans and leasing
Provisions for possible losses
Net balance of the loan portfolio
Provisions for potential losses / loan
portfolio, gross

Plan as of 01.01.2028, usd
904 397
104 517
799 879
10 531
893 865
1,16%

As a part of the development of lending to small and private businesses, the branches will
continue to actively explore potential segments and successfully developing business activities of
the customers and their lending. In order to improve the credit process in the bank, in particular
the interaction of branches with the Head Office, it is planned to establish individual limits for
branches to finance medium-sized credit projects of business entities, taking into account the
potential of the branch and the region.
The Bank shall work on studying new market segments, as well as opportunities to
participate in financing of large investment projects, including projects in free economic zones.
And also, special attention shall be paid to financing promising projects of young
entrepreneurs from a number of graduates of educational institutions, family business entities, as
well as other socially significant and important projects necessary to develop the economic
potential of our country.
Sources for financing of long-term promising projects of small businesses shall be the
bank's credit resources, credit lines of international financial institutions, in particular the Islamic
Corporation for the development of the private sector.
The Bank shall take measures to ensure adequate diversification of the bank's loan
portfolio. As a part of expanding retail lending, the bank plans to increase the bank's retail loan
portfolio by at least 16 billion or 2% of the total loan portfolio of the bank. The main part of the
loans of individuals shall be consumer loans. For the purpose of mass promotion of retail lending
products, it is planned to conduct advertising campaigns, organize presentations of credit
products among corporate customers, conduct negotiations with local consumers of goods and
services to provide consumer loans to purchase goods and services.
The bank intends to ensure an adequate level of return on loans taking into account the
prevailing market conditions.
In the coming year, the bank plans to continue activities on the implementing a number of
measures aimed at introducing new banking products and technologies in the process of lending,
taking into account the best local and foreign banking practices.
Investment and Issuing Activities
The Bank considers investment activity to be a promising area of its activity and in 2027
it plans to carry out work to increase investment deposits of the bank, as well as increase the
efficiency of investment resources. One of the urgent objectives is to expand the activities of
financial companies, in which the bank has investment, especially the development by these
companies of more attractive segments of the market.
In the coming year, it is planned to expand the possibility of the bank's participation in
the securities market as an investor of the first-class corporate issuers of the local market, and
also to increase transactions with instruments of the securities market with a gradual increase in

the bank's share in the secondary segment of this market. In accordance with the Development
Strategy of ABSOLUTE LEASING LLC, a set of measures shall be developed and implemented,
aimed at developing and expanding the activities of the subsidiary leasing company, as well as
increasing the efficiency of its activities.
Issuing activity of the bank in 2027 shall be aimed at strengthening the long-term
resource base of the bank by issuing and selling debt securities. In particular, the next issue of
deposit certificates is planned to strengthen a sustainable resource base. Issue of securities should
allow the bank to expand and diversify the sources of borrowed resources of the bank and offer
all the customers of the bank (including except for major ones) a profitable alternative to placing
their free cash assets.
Operations in the Interbank and Foreign Exchange Markets
In 2027, the Bank carried will consistent work to create a modern infrastructure and
formalize the processes for the development and expansion of activities in the currency and
money markets, in particular, the Bank joined the Thomson Reuters information and trading
terminals that provide instant access to the best quotations of the world banks in real time and
optimize the processes for conducting dealing operations. The Regulation "On the Procedure for
conversion of foreign Currency of one kind to foreign currency of another kind in the system of
BANK was developed and implemented.
Cooperation with participants in this market is improving, and mutually beneficial
relations with banks with a high degree of reliability and reputation for placement and borrowing
of funds in the interbank market are also increasing.
Within the framework of deepening the development of the bank's operations in the
interbank monetary and foreign exchange markets, in accordance with the bank's development
strategy, the following activities are planned for the coming year:
 expansion of the scope and the list of services by offering attractive types of banking
services to customers in the field of conversion, banknote transactions and other services, as well
as various marketing activities to increase customer interest in the Forex operations;
 increase of business activity and reputation of the bank in the monetary and currency
markets, as well as measures to increase the recognition of the bank;
 participation in projects and cooperation with various institutions of the financial
market in the development of infrastructure of the monetary and foreign exchange markets;
 improving the process of dealing operations by developing new modules in the
integrated automated banking system, as well as developing a special mobile application for
conducting Forex transactions with individuals;
 studying the library of the Thomson Reuters Eikon application to use various
financial data and studies in the analytical work, and to ensure the profitability of trading and
information terminals;


other activities in accordance with changes in the market conditions.
Correspondent relations and international activity

As a part of the expansion of international activities in 2027, the Bank will achieved
important successes in expanding the network of correspondent banks, establishing cooperation
with international financial institutions to attract credit lines and maintain the international credit
rating of the bank.

By 2029 the Bank will be correspondent relations with the leading banks of the world, in
particular, Landesbank Baden-Wurtemberg, Commerzbank AG (Germany), DBS (Singapore),
UBS (Switzerland), Kookmin Bank (Korea), Bank of China (China), Agricultural Bank of China
(China) and Promsvyazbank (Russia). As of December 1, 2029, the number of common
correspondent accounts of the bank amounted to 32 Nostro accounts in four local and ten foreign
banks. In addition, negotiations are under way to establish correspondent relations with the Bank
of New York Mellon (USA), Raiffeisen Bank International AG (Austria) and Sberbank of Russia.
To date, two credit lines of the Islamic Corporation for the Development of the Private
Sector (ICD) have been disbursed for the financing of private sector entities. In 2017, it is
expected to sign another agreement with the ICD and with other international financial
institutions to provide the bank's customers with alternative financing sources for investment
projects to acquire technological equipment and upgrade production at more favorable terms. In
particular, it is planned to sign Individual Loan Agreements to finance projects on the basis of
credit lines by the German banks Commerzbank AG and Landesbank Baden-Wurtemberg.
When establishing correspondent relations with banks, the priority remains as the
reliability of partners, the interests of bank customers, the quality and speed of international
settlements. Establishment of correspondent relations with leading banks have contributed to the
expansion of the bank's activities in the field of international settlements, trade finance
operations, the development of international money transfer services, and the strengthening of
the international status of the bank.
In the course of cooperation with various foreign institutions, the international
authoritative publication Global Finance journals as The Banker and Euromoney.
Also, the bank will we work on cooperation with international rating agencies. As part of
these activities, on July 8, 2029, Moody's Investors Service Ltd confirmed the international
credit ratings of the bank at the same level. Today, the necessary measures are being
implemented and negotiations are being conducted with representatives of Moody's to improve
this credit rating.
Expansion and deepening of cooperation with correspondent banks and international
financial institutions will remain as one of the priority directions of the bank's development. In
the coming year, the following activities are planned to improve the use of the network of
correspondent banks and the development of the international activities of the bank, as well as
strengthen the status of the bank in the international financial arena, in particular:
 deepening mutually beneficial and comprehensive cooperation with foreign partner
banks in the field of documentary, depository, Forex operations, correspondent relations, as well
as other areas of relationships, taking into account the competitive advantages of each
correspondent bank;
 continuation of works on establishment and deepening of cooperation with foreign
banks and international financial institutions with a view to attracting and developing long-term
credit lines for financing small businesses, including through the ICD credit facilities and in
trade finance;
 participation of the bank and bank employees at various international banking
exhibitions, symposiums, seminars, internships and competitions organized by foreign banks,


international financial institutions, publications and mass media such as The Banker, Global
Finance, Euromoney and others;
 maintaining cooperation with international rating agencies on regular updating of the
bank's credit rating;
 measures to increase the bank's investment attractiveness and implement the tasks
assigned to banks in accordance with the Resolution of the President of the Republic of
Uzbekistan "On Additional Measures to Attract Foreign Investors to Joint-Stock Companies" No.
PP-2454 dated December 21, 2030 for attracting strategic investors, including through
preparation of materials and presentations of the bank in the international arena (as a "roadshow"), exploring the possibility of attracting technical assistance from the IFC.
Development of the service network and corporate customers
One of the main strategic objectives of the Bank is the establishment of a highly efficient
branch network of the bank, which should provide a solid basis for strengthening its market
position in the capital and expanding its activities in the regions of the country. Establishment of
new branch units will help to increase the customer’s base as a result of approaching the bank's
infrastructure to a wide range of users, as well as diversifying the bank's business.
Today the commercial network of the bank includes Operations Department at the Bank's
Head Office, Shayhontohur, Almazar, Mirzo Ulugbek, Mirabad, Karshi, Bukhara and
Samarkand Branches, 13 mini-banks and 13 special cash offices. Mini-banks and special cash
offices are open in the premises of large corporate customers to create maximum convenience
for customers and their employees.
In 2028, it is planned to open 2 new Branches of the Bank, including Chilanzar Branch in
the city of Tashkent and Fergana Branch in the city of Fergana. This will enable the development
of the branch network and the implementation of the principle of maximum availability of
services in the banking services market of Uzbekistan, which remains the most important
objective of the Bank for the coming years.
Within the framework of the Bank's development strategy for monitoring and evaluating
the efficiency of the Bank's branches in 2028, activities shall be continued to improve
effectiveness of the rating system in the process of stimulating and encouraging employees of the
Bank's branches.
Ensuring stable and high-quality development of the bank's branches, increasing their
competitiveness and autonomy shall be the main objective in the forthcoming year for
development of the bank's branch network.
In particular, it is planned to intensify activities of the branches to create their own fix
term and stable resource base by attracting available cash assets of legal entities for fix term
deposits and issue of deposit certificates of the bank, as well as expanding the income sources of
the branches through the development of retail operations.
At the same time, activities shall be continued to ensure self-sufficiency of the opened
mini-banks and other retail banking outlets. To this end, it is planned to increase the profitability
of the bank's retail outlets through introduction of new banking services, more active marketing
and customer management, creation of effective incentive mechanisms for employees and
supervising units.
In 2028, activities shall be carried out further on the development of the corporate
banking service unit, focusing on increasing the intensity of customer relationships with existing

customers, as well as attracting new corporate customers within the expansion of the bank's
branch network.
The main principles of servicing corporate customers are the creation of maximum
customer convenience, exceptional focus on their needs, reducing time and costs for servicing,
speeding up operations, ensuring security and confidentiality of the bank operations through the
use of high technologies and innovations, including activities to widely disseminate remote
services to customers, as well as the use of flexible tariffs.
In 2030 it is planned to increase the balance of corporate customers’ deposits by 25%.

Retail Customer Service
Objectives for developing retail activity, increasing consumer lending, attracting people's
funds to form a source of funds for active retail operations of the bank and developing operations
with international and local bank cards shall be priorities in 2027 as well. Creation of the
developed retail segment shall enable the bank to maximally diversify its credit and deposit
operations, interest and commission income, thereby to reduce financial risks. In addition, the
retail segment is the most promising in terms of relatively high profitability of the retail
operations.
In 2027, as a part of the development of the retail unit, activities shall be carried out to
expand the service networks and develop mass-market products and quality services that are in
demand, including regular introduction of new types of deposits, loans, bank transfers and
services in the plastic cards business.
To this end, in the coming year, it is planned to accelerate development of the retail
activities of the bank with expansion of the sales channels based on the modern integrated
customer service centers, phased transfer of clients to online platforms and self-service points,
development and introduction of sought-after loan products, attractive retail banking services,
increase the efficiency of services and standards of service.
In 2027, within the framework of the card business development, it is planned to increase
the scope of the card services by joining the International payment system Master Card World
Wide and the retail payment system GlobzCard, as well as expanding the network of plastic card
servicing by installing additional ATMs, trading terminals and info kiosks. It is also planned to
intensify activities in the field of plastic cards with individual design, which was launched in
2027. In 2028, it is planned to introduce this type of cards in all regional branches of the bank.
One of the priorities of the bank is the development of e-commerce. In this regard, in the
coming year, the Bank will continue to work consistently with business partners in launching
mobile banking and other mobile applications for individuals, expanding its operations in credit
operations, making online payments using plastic cards, managing accounts and transferring
funds between the bank accounts, settlements through introduction of a "single web platform",
through which users will be able to purchase air and railway tickets, book hotels and other
services. This project will unite the providers of air and railway services and tourism and leisure
services into one single trading platform.
In addition, in 2028, activities shall be carried out in the field of introducing sociallyoriented card banking products (issue of social, family, co-branding and other commercial cards,
introducing incentive, discount and bonus projects) and services (introduction of a variety of
savings and credit products, money transfer systems), aimed at its further popularization among
the population, as convenient and reliable means of payment and saving money.

MAIN OBJECTIVES IN THE ENSURING BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
Measures to improve the Bank's sustainability and risk management
The main aim of the risk management, as an integral part of the Bank's management
process, is to ensure the sustainable development of the Bank within the framework of its
strategic development plan. The main objectives of effective risk management are as follows:


ensuring the protection of the rights of depositors, creditors and shareholders;

 elimination, prevention and minimization of losses of the Bank in case of
unfavorable events for the Bank;


optimization of the risk / profit ratio in all areas of activity;

 organization and improvement of the risk management system, including limit
discipline;


decrease in the deviation of the actual financial result of the Bank from the planned

one;
 effective use of existing competitive advantages, such as customer confidence,
quality of service, etc.
The risk management in the Bank shall be provided by an organizational system, which
includes:
 the Bank's management bodies (Supervisory Board and the Management Board,
Banking Risk Management Committee, Assets and Liabilities Management Committee, Credit
and Investment Committees) responsible for development and implementation of the relevant
policies, and decision-making;
 clear division of powers and responsibilities between the governing bodies and units
of the Bank;
 a structural unit entrusted with the risk management responsibilities, preparing
regular management reports, as well as other documents for the Risk Management Committee
and other existing Committees in the Bank, as well as draft proposals for effective risk
management;
 an information system that allows to manage risks in the Bank effectively, analyze
the level of risks, including compliance with the Bank's limit discipline, liquidity, adequacy of
capital and profitability, reasons for not complying with mandatory standards and determining
measures to bring the indicators to at least regulatory values.
A Risk Management Committee is established in the Bank to protect interests of
shareholders, customers of the Bank, reduce and prevent banking risks and ensure stability of the
Bank's activities. The Committee in its activity shall report directly to the Supervisory Board of
the Bank. The main objective of the Committee for Supervision of the Banking Risks is to
monitor the impact of risks on the financial situation of the bank, monitor effective
implementation of the credit risk management policies, assess completeness of application and
effectiveness of the risk management procedures, monitor compliance with established
restrictions on the risks accepted by the Bank, as well as measures to prevent risks from the bank.
Banking risk management Committee shall constantly identify, monitor, evaluate and
manage banking risks, and carry out a quarterly stress test of the Bank's financial condition and
liquidity. Given the wide range of risks affecting the bank, the most significant in terms of
possible losses are credit, market, liquidity risk, and operational risk.

The following stages of the risk management process are maintained in the Bank:


identification of all major risks arising in the activities of the Bank;



analysis of identified risks and its assessment, calculation of aggregated risks;



carrying out stress testing;

 decision-making on conducting or not conducting operations at risk, limiting
identified risks, creating reserves for possible losses;
 monitoring compliance with established procedures for managing risks and limiting
the level of accepted risks;
 continuous monitoring and optimization of the established restrictions, taking into
account the evaluation of the Bank's performance results associated with the adoption of a
certain type of risk.
In 2027, objectives are planned in the framework of further improving the financial
stability of the bank and improving the work on risk management, introduction and expansion of
the use of information technology and software in the bank in the risk management system.
Internal Control System
The Bank takes the necessary measures to counteract legalization of proceeds from the
criminal activity and financing of terrorism in accordance with the requirements of the Law of
the Republic of Uzbekistan "Concerning the Counteraction of the Legalization of Proceeds of
Crime and Financing of Terrorism" dated August 26, No. 660-II and other legislative acts. The
Internal Control Department is responsible for the proper organization and functioning of the
internal control system in the bank, internal rules for counteracting the legalization of proceeds
from crime and financing of terrorism have been developed and approved by the Board of the
Bank.
In the coming year, activities shall be carried out further to arrange effective operation of
the internal control system. It is planned to continue activities to increase efficiency of the
internal control service, as well as increase the functionality and analytical capabilities of the
subsystems of IABS automated systems and "Internal Control." In particular, the following
objectives are planned to carry out:
 fully automate the control over operations with individuals listed in the SASB lists
by introducing the Sanctions Screening function in the swift system, and by extending the scope
of the relevant active IABS function;
 improving the work of the "advanced search" subsystem, by expanding the scope,
improving the convenience of entering the persons sought and outputting the search result;
 consolidation of reports on suspicious and questionable transactions, creation of a
unified form of the report on the automated detection of questionable and suspicious transactions.
Information Technology
The main aim of the development of information technologies is the creation of a modern
IT infrastructure that can ensure stable operation and sustainable development of the bank. The
development of information technologies in the bank is focused at ensuring achievement of the
main strategic objectives, reaching a qualitatively new level of automation of intra-bank
processes, introducing modern IT technologies in the banking services. In accordance with the
bank's development strategy, it is planned to transform information technologies into a stable
source for generation of the bank's unique competitive advantages.

In order to develop information technologies in the bank in 2027, the following activities
are planned:
 development and expansion of the IT infrastructure of the bank and its branches,
including renewal of the equipment stock, acquisition and installation of the server equipment
for the analytical system;
 wide introduction of information technologies in the process of improving and
optimizing business processes in the bank, including through the development of new software
products and applications of the ABS bank, facilitating easement and acceleration of the business
units operations, determined by functionality, availability, capacity, security, continuity of the
banking services;
 cooperation with IT developers on the launch of projects "Application for bank
transfer" and "Online conversion" in the software package "Corporate Internet banking" PC
IABS, as well as PM "Accounting for overdraft transactions" to improve the quality of customer
service of the bank and indicating the budget and implementation schedules;
 further development of the remote banking systems for legal entities and individuals,
in particular, taking measures to develop the system "Internet banking for individuals" and
"Mobile banking for individuals";
 development and introduction of new directions of the Bank's website and ensuring
compliance of its content with new requirements;
 carry out activities on the introduction of an analytical system for monitoring the
bank activities of and forecasting.
Development of the Bank's Personnel
The collective of the bank is the main asset and competitive advantage of the bank. The main
objective of the personnel management system is effective management and development of the
bank's intellectual capital, the formation and maintenance of a team of specialists at an efficient
level capable of implementing the bank's strategy at optimal costs, creating conditions for the
implementation of professional ambitions of employees aimed at harmonizing personal goals and
objectives of the bank.
In 2027, in order to further develop the bank's staff potential, the following activities are
planned:
 staffing of the Head Office and branches of the bank both with qualified specialists
having experience in the banking sector, and young graduates having potential for further
development;
 training and retraining of employees through the use of new teaching technologies,
ensuring their education in the field-specific educational institutions of the Republic, as well as
participating in various trainings, programs, seminars in the local / international level;
 continuous professional development of auditors through training and retraining in
specialized training centers for banking operations
 organization and holding of trainings, which, in addition to the training of
professional knowledge, support the development of personal qualities of employees, teamwork;
 capacity building in the marketing, development of the methodology and
implementation of IFRS, as well as its active involvement in the development and introduction
of new banking services;

 organization of scientific and practical conferences, seminars and round tables on the
topical issues of development and further improvement of the banking activities in accordance
with generally accepted international norms and standards;
 introduction of the Corporate Ethics Code with the aim of generation and introduction
into everyday practice the standards and traditions of the corporate behavior and style that
together will help to maintain stable operations of the Bank, strengthen its image and increase
customer confidence;
 improvement and optimization of mechanisms, both financial rewards and nonfinancial incentives in order to orient employees towards final result in achieving the set goals
and objectives.

FINANCIAL PLANNING
As a result of successful implementation of the planned objectives for further
development of the Bank's priority activities in 2027, stable dynamics of the main financial
indicators is forecasted.
Expanding the scope of its activities, the bank will strive to retain its attained positions in
the banking sector and strengthen its position in the lending and retail services market.
Meanwhile, a special attention shall be paid to a qualitative change in the structure of the balance
sheet and income of the Bank, gradually achieving the optimal ratio of key performance
parameters of the bank, recommended by the international financial institutions and resulting
from the new requirements being introduced in accordance with the new Basel Accord. The main
emphasis in expanding the bank's operations will be placed on the unconditional fulfillment by
the bank of economic norms and recommendations of the Central Bank of the Republic of south
sudan to ensure a high level of financial stability of the banking system of the republic.
The capital base of the Bank shall grow mainly due to internal sources of the bank, that is,
capitalization of the bank's net profit. Generation of a borrowed resource base shall be carried
out by attracting deposits from legal entities and individuals, issue of debt securities of the bank.
Taking into account the above principles, the Business Plan is accompanied by the
forecast indicators of the Bank's activities.
In order to effectively implement the activities provided for in the Business Plan, the
following main targets and forecast indicators of the bank's activities are attached. These target
and forecast indicators shall be implemented by developing detailed forecast plans for each
business unit of the Bank.

ANNEXES
Loan finance BALANCE (in usd )
Name of Indicators
ASSETS
Cash and payment
documents
Funds on accounts with the
Central Bank of south sudan
Investments and securities for
purchase and sale
Loans, net
Other assets
Total assets
LIABILITIES
Total deposits
Accounts payable to other banks
Debt securities of the bank
Other liabilities
Total liabilities
Share capital
Statutory and added capital
Reserve capital
Retained profit
Total liabilities and equity

As of 01.01.2026
129 233
4 483 540
140 700
865 078
] 732 765
5 251 316
849 801 901
60 000 000
109 600 000
265 287 078
1 284 688 979
249 562 337
127 547 261
28 564 762
93 450 314
1 534 251 316

ESTIMATED INCOME AND LOSS STATEMENT (in thousand usd)
Name of Indicators
Interest income
Interest expenses
Interest-free income
Interest-free expenses
Operating expenses
Estimation of possible losses
on loans and leasing
Income tax assessment
NET PROFIT

As of 01.01.2028
145 156 538
58 937 453
97 905 513
33 433 199
77 768 551
9 796 794
13 105 082
50 020 972

